README.md, before:

<div align="center">
    
</div>

# Awesome Blog

A minimal styled and feature rich blog made with Gatsby and Material UI

[Blog Demo.](https://hyblog.netlify.app/)

This blog is based on the starter [Gatsby Material Starter](https://github.com/Vagr9K/gatsby-material-starter")

## Technologies

This blog was made with the following technologies:

- React
- Gatsby
- GraphQL
- Markdown
- Material UI
- CSS-in-JS styling

Full feature list:

- Blazing fast loading times thanks to pre-rendered HTML and automatic chunk loading of JS files
- Automatic optimization of all image assets via `gatsby-image` for faster loading times
- Email Subscription to Blog (in development)
- Loading progress for slow networks
- Offline support
- Disqus comments support
  - Notifications about new comments
  - comments moderation
- Responsive design
- Google Analytics support (in development)
- SEO

* Posts in Markdown
  - Embedded Tweets in blog
* Tags
  - Seprate page for posts under each tag
* Categories
  - Separate page for posts under each category
* Suggested posts segment

* Social features
  - Twitter tweet button
  - Facebook share/share count
  - LinkedIn share button
  - Telegram share button

## NetlifyCMS - Coming Soon

## Theming

```

# Author

Jack Mkimbo ([@JackMkimbo](https://twitter.com/JackMkimbo))
```

Commit message:

added twitter widgets, dummy content on posts

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
    
</div>

# Awesome Blog

A minimal styled and feature rich blog made with Gatsby and Material UI

[Blog Demo.](https://minimal-awesome-blog.netlify.app/)

This blog is based on the starter [Gatsby Material Starter](https://github.com/Vagr9K/gatsby-material-starter")

## Technologies

This blog was made with the JAMSTACK architecture using the following technologies:

- React
- Gatsby
- GraphQL
- Markdown
- Material UI
- CSS-in-JS styling

Full feature list:

- Blazing fast loading times thanks to pre-rendered HTML and automatic chunk loading of JS files
- Automatic optimization of all image assets via `gatsby-image` for faster loading times
- Email Subscription to Blog (in development)
- Loading progress for slow networks
- Offline support
- Disqus comments support
  - Notifications about new comments
  - comments moderation
- Responsive design
- Google Analytics support (in development)
- SEO

* Posts in Markdown
  - Embedded Tweets in blog
  - Embedded Youtube videos
* Tags
  - Seprate page for posts under each tag
* Categories
  - Separate page for posts under each category
* Suggested posts segment

* Social features
  - Twitter tweet button
  - Facebook share/share count
  - LinkedIn share button
  - Telegram share button

## NetlifyCMS - Coming Soon

- Sipmle and Easy to use Admin panel from Netlify CMS to add new posts and change basic website info

## Theming

# Author

[@JackMkimbo](https://twitter.com/JackMkimbo)
